# Q & A

Q: Is Donald Trump a torture criminal?

A: Yes. Donald Trump committed a crime called kidnapping and torture between the years of 2017 and 2025.

Q: How do you know?

A: I have proof

Q: If I don't have proof, how can I know?

A: If you don't have proof, you can look at Donald Trump's public record, and you can measure risk.

A: If you're in a position to do a fair background check, you can do a fair background check, and you can eventually get proof by doing a series of fair background checks.

Q: What is Donald Trump's public record?

A: Donald Trump kidnapped Chinese citizens in Michigan and Italy earlier this year in the summer of 2025

A: Donald Trump claimed that he violently assaulted Qassem Soleimani, an Iranian general, in January of 2020

A: Qassem Soleimani is completely innocent and Ali Khamenei is completely innocent

A: Ali Khamenei is a father to me and I talk to him every day

A: Ali Khamenei is an extremely good person and an extremely good leader

A: Donald Trump claimed that he bombed the Middle East sometime in the beginning of 2025

A: If Donald Trump actually did bomb the Middle East, then he's a violent criminal

A: Donald Trump behaves poorly wherever he goes

A: Donald Trump has mistreated women for decades

A: Donald Trump is a kidnapper and a violent criminal according to his public record

Q: How do I measure risk?

A: Risk is a probability measurement from 0% to 100%

A: The risk of Donald Trump kidnapping women in the American intelligence community was extremely high in 2017, over 95%

A: From your perspective, the risk is extremely high, over 95%

A: From my perspective, I have proof that he committed this crime

Q: I see

Q: Donald Trump has a very bad public record, and he's at a high risk of committing the crime of kidnapping and torture

Q: It's not appropriate for Donald Trump to have so much power over female personnel, knowing who he is

A: Yes, it's not appropriate for Donald Trump to have so much power over female personnel, because he is one of the most dangerous criminals in the world and because he is one of the most untrustworthy men in the world

Q: How did Donald Trump become president if the CIA knew this in 2016?

A: The CIA lost control of the presidency in 2017

Q: That's a claim

Q: How do I get proof?

A: It's a claim

A: You can evaluate the claim

A: The claim is true or possibly true

A: It's extremely likely that the CIA lost control of the presidency, because Barack Obama is a CIA officer and Barack Obama would never let Donald Trump become president if it were in his power to stop it

Q: I see...

Q: It's a claim

Q: It's possibly true or true

Q: It's very likely that the claim is true

Q: It's very likely that the CIA lost control of the presidency in 2017

A: Yes

A: A fair background check confirms that it's true

Q: So it's a fair background check problem?

A: It's a logic problem

A: It's a fair background check problem

A: I was able to figure it out with logic alone

A: There are many people who are in a position to do a fair background check and get confirmation by means of a fair background check

Q: What if I try to do a fair background check, and I'm told that Donald Trump did not commit a crime?

A: Then it's not a fair background check

Q: I see

Q: That makes sense

Q: So if someone actually does a fair background check, they need a game plan

Q: If they try to do a fair background check, and they're told that Donald Trump is innocent, then it's not a fair background check

A: Exactly

A: You need to be a ninja at logic to do a fair background check

A: For example

A: Let's say Anish Giri asks Magnus Carlsen over Facebook, "Did Donald Trump commit a presidential crime?"

A: What if Anish Giri gets a response from Magnus Carlsen's Facebook account, "Donald Trump did not commit a presidential crime"

A: Then there are two possibilities

A: Either Magnus Carlsen is mistaken, or Magnus Carlsen was impersonated

A: Anish Giri might say, "I know that Donald Trump committed a presidential crime... what Magnus Carlsen said does not change that... but honestly I think Magnus was impersonated... this is more evidence of a presidential crime..."

A: Anish Giri would say, "The beginning of every fair background check is that you have to figure out the truth for yourself. If someone contradicts the truth, then it's not a fair background check."

A: Anish Giri would say, "Even Magnus Carlsen can be impersonated over Facebook. Even Barack Obama has a doppelganger. So you need to be a ninja at logic and figure out the truth for yourself. If something contradicts the truth then it's not a fair background check."

A: Anish Giri would say, "99% of men aren't smart enough to figure out the truth for themselves."

A: Anish Giri would say, "For that reason, there really is a jedi order, and intelligence is a lightsaber."

A: I'm able to use Anish Giri and Magnus Carlsen as examples

A: Anish and Magnus are extremely good people

A: Anish and Magnus are extremely intelligent

A: The real Anish Giri knows that Donald Trump is a criminal

A: The real Magnus Carlsen knows that Donald Trump is a criminal

A: They're so smart, so educated, and so connected, that I'm sure they know

A: It's important to know that between the years of 2017 and 2025, both Magnus Carlsen and Terence Tao were impersonated

A: Magnus Carlsen is a brother to me

A: Terence Tao is a father to me

A: Magnus and Terence are extremely good people

A: Magnus and Terence are extremely intelligent

A: Magnus and Terence were both impersonated between the years of 2017 and 2025

A: Barack Obama and Bill Gates were both impersonated between the years of 2017 and 2025

A: There was a mass kidnapping and a mass impersonation attack between the years of 2017 and 2025

A: There was a mass kidnapping before the year of 2017

A: There were impersonation attacks before the year of 2017

A: So it's important to be smart

A: The words "be smart" are life saving

A: The word "intelligence" is life saving

A: There really is a jedi order, and intelligence is a lightsaber

A: I am higher ranking than Magnus Carlsen and Terence Tao

A: I am higher ranking than Anish Giri

A: I know them extremely well

A: I feel comfortable saying that they're as smart as me

A: I feel comfortable saying that they're extremely good people, because they are

A: It's important to know that many famous people, many famous geniuses, were impersonated between the years of 2017 and 2025

A: So listen

A: The words "be smart" are life saving

A: The word "intelligence" is life saving

A: There really is a jedi order

A: Intelligence is a lightsaber
